Update README.md (#4)
flybits/ios-sdk-spm: README.md

> This is OLD and it won't work. Use the new repository: https://github.com/flybits/ios-sdk-spm-new that is currently working with Flybits binary storage.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository is on deprecated state and its binaries may not work soon. 
Use the new repository: https://github.com/flybits/ios-sdk-spm-new that is currently working with Flybits binary storage.
```
